# hello-world
My very first repository
My name is Nadia, and I got my start with BASIC back when my family got its first PC (around the time Prodigy was a prominent Internet access platform).  Since then, I picked up C++, Java, and COBOL.  Also Visual Basic and HTML, but those always felt pretty much the same as BASIC, so I always forget to include them.  Although I completed a bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems, I graduated in 2002 with a love/hate relationship with computers.  In addition to my conflicted feelings about coding, the Dot Com Crash made it very difficult to find a job after graduation, so I joined the Air Force in 2004 and learned how to speak a foreign language (which was another passion of mine, and not that far off from programming, if you think about it).  I suppose the love of coding never actually left me, and I found a few ways to sneak it into some of the more tedious jobs that the Air Force threw my way--you would never think that the military would make an linguist manage the unit's accounting, but it happened.  Anyway, more recently I got back into programming when I completed a master's degree in science and technology in Intelligence (with a big 'I').  As apart of my coursework, I built an awesome database to help me keep track of my Lego pieces; while everyone else was normalizing the global terrorism "database," my final project helped me figure out which Lego sets to gut in order to build new Lego sets.  Lately, I've been toying around with learning Python, and I'm here on GitHub to automote some more tedious Air Force processes, but this time it's for other people's jobs, not my own.  And there you have it.
